(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now it's time for me to provide you
with the solution that I created for this exercise.
We'll start by looking at the code here.
I didn't modify any of the methods from any of the work
that we've done throughout this chapter,
so I just used all of our existing methods.
We'll start here on line 120.
So I created a bucket.
I uploaded a file from my local directory,
called F1, to that bucket.
I then copied a file from our primary bucket,
the one that we're using for this course,
over to that transient bucket,
and the file that I copied was F3.
I kept the name the same.
Now, on line 123,
I get a list of files
from the bucket itself.
So from the transient bucket,
I get a list of files.
I go ahead and store those files into a list
so that I can use that later on.
Now, I put a printout there so that
you can see where we're at.
And on line 25 I iterate across that list of files
and print the file.
Then I download a file,
and the file that I download is from the primary directory.
I download the F2 file.
I then generate a download link for the F1 file.
This time I used a five-minute expiration on it.
On line 129, I then deleted all of the files
from the transient bucket
using that files list that I created on line 123.
And then at the end, I delete my bucket.
So let's take a look here.
I'm going to pop open a trundle window.
And I want to check my directory locally.
There are no files.
I'm going to jump to the console.
And I'm going to refresh.
And the bucket does not exist,
but within this bucket, I have three files.
Return to this view.
And now we'll go ahead and run our program.
Okay, so we got some output here.
We created a bucket called fpml2.
It contains two files.
Those files are lil1 and lil3,
1 being the one that we uploaded,
and 3 being the one that we copied.
We then generate a download link.
And I'm going to go ahead and click on that download link.
And it downloaded a file.
And at the end we deleted everything.
So let's confirm that everything has occurred.
So pop open our terminal.
We'll do an ls on that directory.
And indeed lil2 is there.
We'll jump back over to console, refresh.
The bucket is not there,
so we did clean up after ourselves and delete it.
That's all there is to this challenge.
Your solution may be slightly different,
but I hope that you get the same results.